we are at Michigan farm in North Devon
and I'm Gavin and this is Gemma and
Daisy and we are the vintage welders we
started by buying one wagon for madam
and that everybody who came to see us
she said can we sit in it can we have
tea
can we stay the night and so always
looking for some way to help the farm
make a bit of money we said let's try a
bit of glamping so then we want to and
then we go three and so all we go is
just developed from there and there's
just something about it they all have
their own character I'm a new city
design them they are just magical we've
beefed up all the beds to make them
bigger and stronger and
and source lots of nice fabrics and
things from all over the world really
I think people enjoy because it's just
so different from their normal
day-to-day life and different from their
normal holiday it's a totally different
experience some people come and we say
hello to them when we put them in the
wagons and we don't see them till they
go home other people end up sitting
around the table drinking tea and you
know cans of beer on telling silly
stories with farmers me and I've always
been a farmer gem as an artist and has
traveled the world touring and
exhibitions but I'm just a wersal and
it's all it's all I do and all I've ever
done and when people come I'm happy to
show them the animals face to face and
to explain what we do
you